# Meeting Minutes
Meeting Title: Weekly Discussion
**Date:**  02-20-2024
**Time:** 9pm - 10 pm
**Location:** Teams and In-person
**Attendees:** All members
## Agenda
- Discussion on modifications for the Requirements and Design document as per provided format in the news.
- Development plan and sprint plan for the respective components.

## Meeting Notes
- * 1. Discussed the changes needed in the requirements and design document as per the format
        **1.1** Addition of data flow diagram for each component under the listed mockup image.
        **1.2** Notations in requirements and design document to link the requirement to each specific design listed.
        **1.3** Changing the file type from word to .md of the design document for ease of reading from gitHub.

- * 2. Sprint Planning:
    - Discussion about creation of user stories for development purpose of each component accordingly.
    - Discussion about the components among individuals for the development.
    - Planning of sprint deployments.

- * 3. New ideas or UI changes or new features discussion in the project.

## Action Items
- * Creation of user stories.
    * Component (Login/Register Page) - Taraka Sai Reddy Seelam
    * Component (Dashboard) - Prasanna Lakshmi Yekkaladevi
    * Component (Projects) - S S Eswara Satyanarayana Aneesh Dangeti
    * Component (Contracts) - Pavan Teja Jukanti
    * Component (Employees) - Akshay Reddy Yalla
    * Component (Settings) -  Taraka Sai Reddy Seelam

## Next Meeting:
- 02/26/2024, 10 pm- 11 pm
- Re-group for normal discussion for status updates.

- 02/27/2024, 9PM - 10PM
- Weekly Discussion.

## Closure:
- The meeting concluded with discussions about changes in design, requirements document, creation of user stories and sprint plan for development and deployments.

## Contributors
* Group Member 1: S S Eswara Satyanarayana Aneesh Dangeti
* Group Member 2: Taraka Sai Reddy Seelam