# Meeting Minutes

Meeting Title: Weekly Discussion
**Date:**  03-19-2024
**Time:** 9pm - 10pm
**Location:** Teams
**Attendees:** All members

## Agenda

- Discussion on Sprint 5 and Testing and QA.
- Discussion on statuses of the sprint 2,3 & 4 tasks.

## Meeting Notes

- * 1. Discussed on changes if any needed in the sprint 2, 3, 4  tasks.
- * 2. Disscussed if any updates needed in any documents.
- * 3. Decided to move the inprogress sprint 4 tasks to Pending/Backlog status.
- * 4. Sprint-5 submission, Testing & QA Planning:
    - Discussion about creation of tasks for the individual respective components & its functionalities development.
    - Discussion on testing plans for the respective components.
- * 5. Discussed about further improvements & ideas that can be made to the project.
- * 6. Discussion about the evalution criteria and methods that needs to be added for the Final RSD.

## Action Items

- * Work on the bugs or enhancements or issues arised during the development.
- * Literate programming parallely - Everyone.
- * Testing & QA Planning / Ongoing & Pending development tasks.
    - Completion of backlogged sprint 2, 3 & 4 tasks.
    - Creation of testing plans/tasks.

## Next Meeting

- 03/26/2024, 09pm- 10pm
- Testing QA Results and final deployment.

## Closure

- The meeting concluded with discussions about testing plans, sprint 5, backlogs in sprint 2, 3 and 4, updates if any in any of the documents, tasks creation, improvements & ideas.

## Contributors

- Group Member 1: S S Eswara Satyanarayana Aneesh Dangeti
- Group Member 2: Taraka Sai Reddy Seelam
