# Meeting Minutes

Meeting Title: Weekly Discussion
**Date:**  03-12-2024
**Time:** 9pm - 10pm
**Location:** Teams
**Attendees:** All members

## Agenda

- Discussion on Sprint 4 tasks submission
- Development plan and sprint 4 plan for the respective components.
- Discussion on statuses of the sprint 2 and 3 tasks.

## Meeting Notes

- * 1. Discussed on changes if any needed in the sprint 2 & 3  tasks.
- * 2. Disscussed if any updates needed in any documents.
- * 3. Decided to move the inprogress sprint 3 tasks to Pending/Backlog status.
- * 4. Sprint-4 submission Planning:
    - Discussion about creation of tasks for the individual respective components & its functionalities development.
- * 5. Discussed about further improvements & ideas that can be made to the project.
- * 6. Discussion about the evalution criterial and methods that needs to be added for the Final RSD.

## Action Items

- * Work on the bugs or enhancements or issues arised during the development.
- * Literate programming parallely - Everyone.
- * Development planning
    - Component (Users, settings, login/Register) - Taraka Sai Reddy Seelam
    - Component (Dashboard & its sub functionalities) - Prasanna Lakshmi Yekkaladevi
    - Component (Contracts & its sub functionalities) - Pavan Teja Jukanti
    - Component (Employees & its sub functionalities) - Akshay Reddy Yalla
    - Component (Sub functionalities in projects Tab - Add, edit, delete) - S S Eswara Satyanarayana Aneesh Dangeti
    - Completion of backlogged sprint 2 & 3 tasks.

## Next Meeting

- 03/19/2024, 09pm- 10pm
- Sprint-5 discussion

## Closure

- The meeting concluded with discussions about sprint 4 planning, backlogs in sprint 2 & 3, updates if any in any of the documents, tasks creation, improvements & ideas.

## Contributors

- Group Member 1: S S Eswara Satyanarayana Aneesh Dangeti
- Group Member 2: Taraka Sai Reddy Seelam
